[RM Chap8] Multi-Cloud Interactions Model - Draft (#2629)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter10.md

		
There is also a need for a seamless integration with platforms, Kubernetes and OpenStack in particular. Kubernetes treats each device as unique HW and, hence, application developers are forced to specify vendor specific labels and utilise vendor specific libraries in their workload manifests as dependencies. OpenStack is attempting to address this gap with their [Cyborg](https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Cyborg) project.

<a name="10.3.6"></a>
### 10.3.6 Hybrid Multi-Cloud: Data Center to Edge
In section "8.2.4 Multi-Cloud Interactions Model" there recognition that "To realise a federated cloud requires the definition and agreement on a set of APIs". Currently that are exists various:
- Proprietry APIs, some of which have been adopted as default industry standards,

> - A number of Open Source Community proejcts aiming to provide abstract interfaces to wrap proprietry API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A number of Open Source Community projects aiming to provide abstract interfaces to wrap proprietary API
```

- Vendors offering to act as brokers and

> - Standards and Industry APIs to address specific subset of the interactions.

Reviewer 2: Can you list some?

Also do you need to mention the ETSI specifications -- RM Chapter 5?
